Oh, you know what? It's been a long drive. Here, you have some water.
Do you need to lie down?
Hmm.
We have a bedroom upstairs if you'd like.
No, I'm fine. Really. Thank you.
I am going to be a girl mother.
Oh, goodness, this is the best birthday present ever.
Did you see the woman Elliot came in with?
Yeah, who is that?
Nobody. We got to get Mom to kick around the house.
I could help with that.
Hey, how are you?
Yeah, thank you.
Happy birthday, Mom.
Oh, honey.
This is for you.
Oh, goodness, let me see.
That is gorgeous.
My turn.
Happy birthday, Mom.
Thank you, boys.
That's amazing.
And Sarah got you something. Didn't you, Sarah?
You wouldn't show up to your mother-in-law's birthday party empty end.